hey guys what's up welcome to the live
stream if you're tuning in right after
it's live you're watching this on replay
welcome make sure to turn on your
notifications so you know when I'm going
live because I want you here especially
for moments like this from unboxing
exciting things but also I'm doing a Q&A
so as this as things are starting off
let me know where you're tuning in from
it blows my mind where everyone's from
and tuning in from and also a little
tease what is this what it oh what is
this oh my gosh is this peachy merch
guys guys let me know if you're excited
for this ish in the comments because
it's dropping tomorrow tomorrow Tuesday
September 26 are you are you gonna be
getting it let me know are you gonna be
getting it oh it's amazing Mexico oh we
got some new york city people ohio are
you sick I'm a little sniffily I'm not
necessarily sick I don't know if it's
allergies or whatever Canada United
Kingdom amazing I mean it looks like you
guys are stoked for the merch as well
yes yes yes Petri merch okay so you
probably clicked on this video because
of Apple products oh my goodness this is
so exciting so the videos um that I have
been doing and the stuff that you've
seen on my Instagram story if you don't
follow me on Instagram it's just at
Sarah deechi were other people's iPhones
and other people's Apple products and so
now I kind of have my own stuff to show
you and it's exciting and there are so
many so many unboxing videos out there
so I didn't want to make another
unboxing video because I'm sure you guys
have seen a ton of them I know I've been
sitting on my computer and watching them
all I've been watching I just
Dean Jonathan Morrison Austin Evans
mkbhd there it's just endless it is just
endless so funny cuz the comments are a
little bit delayed so I'm I'm peeping
them I'm seeing them do you know someone
is behind me yes I know some say hi John
oh he's back there editing video I just
ordered the iPhone eight online that is
exciting and so as I am unboxing these
things I want to hear what you guys
think so far have you gotten the iPhone
8ro white you don't need this right
Apple has these flaps things unboxing
AED oh yeah I want I want to know are
you guys upgrading to the iPhone 8
everyone so this is the special gold
it's very pretty but a lot of people
have been saying you know that iPhone 8
is basically a glorified 7's reading
else come this okay and if you guys are
wondering with the noises behind me I
live in New York City and for some
reason it is turnt tonight it has all
kinds of turrent there's so many people
honkin it's just insane three got her
papers oh and here it is oh my goodness
so you got all the stuff classic stuff
that you guys have already seen not too
worried about that about I'm going to
Canada soon so I'm practicing my
Canadian
washing on an 8 plus with a dead pixel
Joey's garage that's not good
jb 0 1 says Android is better
well hold not tim is holding out for the
iPhone X and I think a lot of people are
holding out for the iPhone X but if you
have a iPhone 6 I think it is definitely
worth the upgrade with the glass back
and the glass in the front and it's a
beautiful phone the wireless charging is
going to be sick oh my gosh I mean this
is pretty what do you guys think what do
you guys think I mean the sides are
probably the most gold the back of it is
like this pretty I don't know a blush
type situation I think this okay first
how does it look with the peachy merch
oh hi how are you doing today yes you
want to order some peachy merch how's it
look guys look good you're gonna turn
that on a little fun fact I haven't
downloaded iOS 11 yet I am just scared
of bugs and well I'm scared of real bugs
but I'm also scared of software bugs iOS
bugs and because the iPhone and my phone
is so central to everything I do I don't
want to be tripped up by that so I got a
leather case hello from Morocco Sarah
will you ever be punctual what do you
mean I was live at 7 p.m. Eastern
Standard Time
what are you talking about Tyler Tyrell
I love how they give instructions on how
to put on an iPhone case Eden says can
you say hi Eden I love you Sarah hi Eden
color ello
okay so oh I said had I and it said
hello on my phone why am I going into
accents I'm sorry guys see this is
nothing that you see in my real videos
because I censor my accents from you
guys um Wow okay so this is the navy
blue case it looks pretty good with this
gold and the the leather feels really
nice
so these leather cases and also the
silicon cases I really enjoy but however
come on you guys know that I'm not the
biggest fan of just having a case on my
phone so the only case that will be on
my phone most likely is a case that
serves a purpose so this is my current
iPhone 7 plus I'm a big fan of the
pluses this is a moment case where you
can screw on the lenses I've been
enjoying the lenses so I usually keep on
this juice will you ever visit Australia
Cory I don't think so any time soon but
I'm never gonna say never it is kind of
below on my list there's some other
places I'd like to go other than
Australia I feel like you guys have too
many animals that are gonna try to kill
me but so yeah can't wait to check out
the f m8 alright so two unboxings done
but yeah okay so your forehead is really
shiny
that's called an oily forehead it does
7:00 p.m. I should have padded up okay
this honestly I I've watched a lot of
iPhone 8 I already lost my iPhone I've
already watched a lot of I phone eight
unboxings I'm gonna take this case off
because I think this glass is too pretty
not just show off I already watched a
lot of iPhone 8 unboxings but I haven't
been watching a lot of stuff on the new
Apple watches so I want kind of
I have a ceramic white but I I can't go
and get another ceramic white Apple
watch because those things kind of
pricey you know what I mean
so this is the like aluminum one but I
think it's gold so I yeah it's the sport
so it's the gold sport and it has
cellular so the difference between my
old watch now and this watch is I can
leave my phone at home when I'm doing
errands and talk to my mom with my ear
pods if I want so this is the 38
millimeter this is also a 38 millimeter
I think the 42 looks better on men so
yeah and you guys as I'm unboxing ask me
some questions fam birthday I want to
make this into like you know and also
Q&A so it's not just me unboxing Apple
stuff like every other person hey Jon
first impressions of my Apple watch
we're doing we're doing Aqsa always okay
love it look at this bang no more
personal reactions by the way I mean I'm
terrible little oh my god you religious
this customized legs anyways everyone
say hi okay people are saying the
watches are buggy so I think that has to
do with the LTE not necessarily watches
but we'll see you know it's pretty
or some success they give you it's
really really nice the buttons red yeah
so how about the red dot I don't know
what it means
okay yeah so it means that this is a
cellular watch so so bright red so you
don't need to use your phone so I can
call you with just my air path in this
watch oh are you serious yeah yeah look
everyone's so happy so good why you ball
so people start commenting and excited
when John hops into this all right here
I'm just saying yeah hello okay so I'm
also looking for questions as we go it's
actually why I came over here because
you were saying that I saw you look at
things so here let's switch spots and I
want you to curate the questions and
maybe you can help me curate these
questions it looks curate yes yo why did
that iPhone 8 and not the X yo so I'm
gonna be coffin iPhone X but you know
what's funny when I was maybe not funny
but just something I'm gonna tell you
mm-hmm
when I had my 2012 MacBook Pro and that
was my work course and I was using it
all the time and I told people that
people would tection me they would say
Sarah you claim that you're a tech
youtuber and you still use a 2012
MacBook take that and so you know what
I'm just trying trying to stay hip and
half of the times I know people want to
see videos on this kind of issue right
so I'm like you know what I'm gonna get
the iPhone X but doesn't mean oh my gosh
it looks someone super chatted Wow
Nicholas that's amazing things from
Sweden yo did you mention that you were
super chatting well no cuz it's like if
they want to okay okay you know I mean
like so super track guys is a way to
like say like make your comment more
prominent and big right somebody said
they did not like the red dots yeah okay
so I think the red dots okay
so here we go model of both the watches
you're such a my dude
so they're both 38 millimeter and yes I
think the red dot is hideous
yeah however I am stoked that it has
these cellular capabilities because it
sounds like all the Apple people I've
been talking to it's like when the Apple
watch first was created they kind of
wanted that in the beginning you know
but how to work their way I mean that
looks fresh how do you think that looks
like with the peachy merch you know oh
just walking actually the pink of that
orange do you going get your butt out of
our baby mom so what do you guys think
of this watch let me know I think it's
pretty I really like the gold you know I
guys I've always been but that red yes
and it's like a like a light pink band
which I'm really diggin it's different I
like it I dig it
Sarah how do you feel about breaking up
John and Dale how do you feel about that
it's a pretty significant you know in my
life and it's kind of your fault
wait I haven't said anything about this
you haven't so you'll have to peep
tomorrow's video actually so we're not
gonna answer that um what are your fears
with the iPhone X I was gonna read that
one to my fears I don't have a lot of
fears because I think I can deal with
not having a home button didn't finish
my other question basically the point of
me getting also an iPhone X is there's a
lot of videos that I want to make about
the did I say X the reason why I got
that iPhone 8 as well it's because
there's a lot of videos I want to make
with the iPhone 8 as I'm waiting for the
X so they're both gonna be my phones
should I like to phone it should I be
like an important snobby there's
absolutely hots to phone so what do you
guys think I could be like people who
have two phones say it as if it's no big
deal there's like yeah I have two phones
what happens you know thanks John gold
bullion
love channel I keep with a good work
thank you so okay so this is gonna be um
future Sara and I want your opinion on
on how cool I look and how important it
okay YouTube this is YouTube Sarah I'm
getting the video up soon Jeannie is
that you mom oh okay yeah I give me
brand we have another suite at super
Abaza new yeah it's amazing
what were you saying if this is your
phone about people can access you asking
about where your YouTube video is this
will be going up all the time guys I'm
gonna put my new phone number out on the
internet follow me on Twitter share your
video site share your videos I'm sorry
just walk around walk around was like my
ear pods and my watch I kept a watch
lord what's up dude
preciate you Apple watch Lord that's
like a sick YouTube name my nose focus
on only Apple watch check it out stay
updated on everything cool do you
approve of Sarah's new watch that's the
one yeah Apple watch world do you
approve okay so I'm gonna leave my new
where'd it go see I'm losing things I'm
losing things okay give me some
questions John where are we going
are we going to Toronto yes Toronto
Toronto we will be there
[Music]
somebody was wondering who I am as well
I'm a plutonic friend of Sarah's I'm
just hanging I'm another tech youtuber
so if you're into tech you'll love my
channel subscribe to this channel just
kidding Bluff brand yeah I'm a date I'm
a dater person I'm poor I can't buy the
eight Sarah is Taurus you got it for
free wireless charging is that for the
Apple watch this is where we're gonna
eat dinner tonight
yay cuz you don't have a dishes for some
reason can you react to my song should
we do the whole Adam 22 thing and yeah
for 20 bucks will Rio you're so yeah
yeah oh my gosh someone's asking you
thumb marry them will you it looks like
a woman I mean you got something wrong
with it you got why just know how do you
guys white your teeth it's the lighting
the lighting just makes your teeth look
brighter they're actually really yellow
you both have got teeth oh they said
good bye lugar Beluga okay so basically
oh wow that's a very flavorful comment I
want to move to New York City any
suggestions where I should look um I
would say depending on your budget it
you need to evaluate how important as
being in the city um for me like all of
my meetings and everything that happened
are in Manhattan and so I boost your
board everywhere pretty much and so it's
important that I can get everywhere on a
skateboard on electric skateboard so
this is going to be my wireless charger
it's a Belkin wireless charging pad do
you think that accent was good that one
was good that one sounded what language
are you going for it's kind of it's like
London it's like a tall mindin a tea
like an old lung
- Nani you're like that oh man this guy
true true true Nietzsche's Mill hi Sarah
and skater dude that's me babe we'll
watch world again you can actually
change cover the colour of your Apple
watch digital crown with watch dots ok
ok so there's a thing called watch dots
where you can just cover up that dot
that makes sense um so yeah this is
Apple charger so what enables that is
the glass back and Troad Ian says to be
honest the red dot looks cool ok it's
kind of one of those things was like oh
she got the new Apple watch she got I
don't think so basically when I go to
bed at night now I'm just gonna put my
phone on the wireless charger and it's
gonna charge just like that the future
is now John is it is it magnetic cuz we
got that beautiful glass back I mean
this is a gorgeous phone it's gorgeous
ok alright so I think we have unbought
ok well this is a new band a new band so
you can put this on this yeah I can put
it on this one that one I might after I
do videos on this one thanks dawn Beluga
blue oh god what what does it mean when
like they're super Chavez up at the top
can you let click on it I don't know I
don't know that means maybe it's the
most recent one yeah I've been enjoying
live streaming I'm gonna try to figure
out ways how to make it more compelling
and interesting but yeah Apple watch
world says I hate the crown collab with
Jay Paul coming soon do an entire stream
in that accent so I'm gonna go to the
apples for very soon cool then just buy
a lot of Apple watch bands because oh
yeah because I've been just wearing this
Apple watch band for I feel like all
eternity the black I need some new
sports watch bands because if you watch
my video
you know that I wrecked on my boosted
board and I screwed up my watch man who
this is okay you know this reminds me of
so it's it's like really cool but you
turn around and it's like a Velcro II
and you know this reminds me I was like
every childhood watch I've ever owned
but it's like white and gray it's kinda
looks really good with yeah I look
really good
I'm surprised they take this route I'm
really surprised actually cuz it kind of
is like cheap cheap looking keep looking
but at the same time I think it's gonna
look good with everything I don't think
anyone cares about the 4k TV but we're
gonna unbox it okay any questions guys
come on give it's questions questions
and if you're just tuning in and you
like what you're seeing
you should smash that like button let's
get that like 400 400 let's get it to
400 likes Apple watch world I dare you
to comment on my latest video with your
phone right now oh my goodness yo this
guy's smart here this guy's smart this
Apple watch world the guy he's just
swooping in and just like I'm taking
charge yeah yeah I'm on it
Oh John Hill's gonna comment on your
Apple watch world Here I am the Apple TV
all right guys so Apple TV I have an
Apple TV oh and it's the same exact size
it's the older one
so basically I actually got to sit down
and watch 4k HDR in this like do you
guys hear that in here um I guess I sit
down actually watch what 4k HDR looks
like and watch actually a little bit of
Wonder Woman in 4k HDR and I can say
that's it was beautiful
okay is this the same yeah this is like
the same remote but it has like a pretty
white menu did you call a lot I did I
said hi oh I think he wants to see it Oh
John I just broke something I'm sorry I
was just a phone iPhone 8 what what's
the video
oh it's this video is it good
cinematography cinnamon is it good
cinnamon Tiger it's good oh there's
Apple watch oh there you go boy oh
journals you're such an inspiration for
me as fellow filmmaker photographer
thank you for everything Sarah your
premiere shortcuts saved my life oh dude
thank you so much if you guys haven't
peeped it yet um I did make a video on
all the shortcuts I use in Premiere it's
helpful shows super how I edit super
quickly so to wrap up Apple TV 4k HDR I
already have an Apple TV I use it a lot
but in order for this to do well we got
it we got a cup of 4k HDR TV we do you
know is your finished here I don't think
so yeah is it 4k I think so alright it's
beautiful appreciate ya Apple TV new
iPhone 8 plus it's gorgeous I'm gonna be
making some more videos around this
outside of the classic just unboxing and
normal I mean you guys have seen a lot
of stuff but I want to do some other
things exciting things with that the new
Apple watch I think it's cool just this
is the new gold so previously Apple has
gone to two different routes they say
classic gold and then rose gold there's
no more two different golds and now it's
just combined in this one gold then we
have the wireless charging pad the blue
native case I okay this band I think I'm
actually gonna wear this band a lot
because of the white it's gonna look
good with my white ceramic I think
that's gonna look fresh
and then we got John's phone it's so
nice
okay so we're gonna end things off with
a few more questions can I just say
thank you for everyone who's paid the
compliments I very much appreciate you
it's been so nice up in here hail the
peach emerge I want that chopper
I'm confused the way that campaign we're
trying to shoot thumbnail right okay
here we go that's why you're right peach
peach a peachy merch link is not in the
description yet get ready to peep
tomorrow's video it's actually going
live tomorrow peachy peachy Myrtle thaw
Ravel's says hey cheers from Paris oh
that's amazing
love your travel edits premiere for the
would you use speaking of travel edits
we try to travel to Paris so nice
coincidence yes I use premier all the
time it's amazing there's so much to
learn it can be overwhelming but it's
easy to get the basics down so that's
good Oh what hey John on a scale of 1 to
10 how how did you get a girl a six
you're a 10 but it was a six effort
because she just liked the way that I
was already I didn't have to try extra
hard to be someone different exactly how
much is a peachy merch gonna be I think
like t-shirt is around 20 and
long-sleeve is like 25 or 27 or I don't
know you'll have to see tomorrow it's
not over
there's twos in front of it not threes
there you go but words are fun nice yes
yeah 60 American dog which one of y'all
would win in a tickle fight I feel bad
tickling people so probably Sarah like
if she was even like aah
Oh but both of us we have one spot my
entire body is ticklish by her neck is
ticklish right you see our person just
attack her neck also take advantage I
make men's lifestyle videos Zachary
Phillips okay
Sarah I'm happy that you're okay I saw
your video with a guy that tried to
break into your apartment don zaloog ah
I am good and I
now in an apartment with a doorman and
you've been here recently you can
protect my exactly you have this really
tough guy right can you just be like all
right listen dude even if you had a guy
did yeah Wow Wow
hey let's see let's see watch my pigeon
Smith this is just turning into shadows
okay something that I do something that
I do want to mention is I don't know if
it's going to be a live stream format or
if it's going to be video format but a
lot of you guys have asked for like
video critiques and I'm not one to sit
down and watch a video and be like this
is terrible this is terrible I hate the
word critique it seems negative but I
think that you guys value my feedback
and I have been making videos for a very
long time so if you're like follow me on
Twitter and I know you guys are
subscribed because I think I will be
kind of shouting it out on Twitter
asking for you to send me videos
eventually because I want to do a video
where I'm like critiquing three videos
and giving feedback to you based on your
work and I think it's gonna help
everyone I would sign up for that thanks
Jared Zachary Phillips um am I getting
the eighth probably not if I get any
reply BV what phone do you have
I the iPhone 7 you're the same phone as
me yes do you see what I just did no no
what oh my god so now it's recording
forever that she try to drink I opened
an unopened I was just like PC vid
Wednesday there you go so you know we're
live-streaming tonight open up some new
Apple stuff tomorrow it's gonna be just
like a vlog diggety with some
announcements and then Wednesday is a
big yeah it is you know what we've been
talking about Apple you guys know I love
Apple and I've made many videos about
the iPhone and Apple or Samsung you can
check
those links in the description below I
put them down yeah thought was weird
I'm sorry for that I was feeling weird
but I'm like we gotta balance this out
because a lot of you guys have been
wanting to see me build a PC I use
premieres here like yo you got a test
top premier and see how it is in a PC
with a PC flow so I actually
collaborated with Austin Evans he's a
huge tech youtuber who do douche does PC
builds news news he does evil so that's
coming out Wednesday I am so insanely
excited for you guys to see that hair
styling routines what's your hairstyle
routine I put a hat on and usually after
a couple hours it falls into place
look at that see it's almost in place
right now yeah your hair she looks like
what I have I'm telling you hats hats
the style technique no look how tame
dand good at looks freaky you ever wear
your hats backwards I love to wear my
hats like this I think this is hell yeah
I think it looks like to hot- vlog
action loops is Dave Tillis commented
like some times that we ignored him
every time you chew a friend of ours he
wants us to go up there for the 16 year
anniversary Bluto bailenson what is that
couple months I think it's right when
we're moving when I move it actually
have you given any news about you don't
new comes thanks for the donation
John did you see my question but felt it
was irrelevant
oh is that is that the person that was a
question like hairstyles eat some mine I
mean ponytail I don't do anything but my
usual look is I have a hot I one of
those hot rods and it's just like a hot
tube and I just like put my hair around
it like that and I love sizzle for a
little bit and I go like that and it's
like a loose wave nice that I've always
wondered actually how do you do that
yeah I tried it I was actually wondering
yeah we should we should try to put
loose curls up here but it's already in
basically
yeah yo yo yo yo space alpaca says
summer out what I'm gay you notice me
John Hill verse 32 rap battle guys a rap
might be coming soon
Oh snow Newcomb's just keeps donating
like one dollar at a time that's amazing
progress daily and peachy merch collab
listen I want that be cool we should aim
let's live streaming to daily progress
let's peach let's do like a winter one
we should peach grass do it so a winter
collab peachy and John John you allow
Paris for skating a lot of cool spots
near the sign sign I think that's the
river don't bother bringing the drones
here though very not loud well
interesting Raphael um is it weird is it
weird that I only want to film a montage
there of me drinking at a cafe that's
the whole reason I wanna go to Paris yes
and skateboarding and everything else
and partying like it's 1934 oh
twit or dizzy diss each other on a dis
truck right now it's gonna beat ya ok ok
here we go yeah do you think if I just
type into spotify like rap track it'll
okay
beat ya or guys help me out here what
should I type into or a free freestyle
freestyle freestyle beads okay here we
go Oh snaps it sounds like oh oh hi guys
she does like all the songs is Chris gay
I'm not crazy
Mike that's not it
I thought you were God what you're
supposed to be doing this you're
supposed to disgrace it's hard to
expression my my rapping ability
comes in the shape of listening to
something sitting down and just writing
things out oh really yeah do you want to
hear my it's been so long okay we're
gonna answer two more questions and then
I'm kind of hungry so maybe we should go
get food who-who is Chris I'm gonna keep
thinking John Chris this is John and he
is my boyfriend
make out on camera that's a pretty good
question if y'all ready that's how it's
done when we did it that was cute so
let's not in on something super heavy
let's take a light question thoughts and
religion what do you think about what's
your political stance we see for her
both prefer Mac or PC I've been on the
Mac longer um deep down Sarah is Immonen
yeah I could see that I can totally I
get a sense that are you gonna marry her
that's another light question that we
could just tackle real quick only if she
proposes because I believe it's 2017 and
women should be the one wins John yes
will you watch me dude that's okay why
don't people get married by really
giving something that they really would
need like what if Lord kneel down and he
was like here's a lease to a house
that's how you give me one of Mary
exactly I like I don't like the like so
take notes okay here on the live stream
I don't like this super flashy big
diamond rings right but I like ones that
are like different and stylee really
rich besides I like to dab on him are
you ready for 2018 yeah sure what are
you my camera are using for YouTube
livestream I am using the camera from my
new 2017 MacBook Pro so it's not a fancy
camera and I have just random lights on
me should we tackle the question that
everyone seems to ask what do you
recommend for small youtubers trying to
grow oh uh I guess that's a good one to
end on yeah all right go for it
all right for small youtubers trying to
grow I don't know it changes so often if
last time we did this people got mad at
us because we sort of made it seem like
it was really really difficult and
that's the thing I think it's really
difficult but it's achievable um there's
a lot of trying to replicate really
popular trends in the moment and
continuing that process there's also I
don't know my recommendations so weird
cuz I always say do what you like to do
if you're really passionate about it
just continue doing that be be the best
at that thing and then people will want
to watch you do that thing that's really
difficult yeah and I think it's you have
to find something you're so freaking and
love with so you're gonna continue on
through the highs and the lows but at
the same time you have to find something
unique within that field or something
that someone isn't doing already because
there's already a John know there's
already a Sarah disease there's already
a Peter McKinnon and so like you have to
be you within your passion that you are
showing and I think it also helps to
show an educational side to what are we
doing so John is a skateboarder he
skates right and a cool thing that he
can do and has done is he's making fun
content that's unique to him and he's
found a groove with things but also as
he's doing that he can share his
expertise along the way so he's not just
out there skating and showing off him
being a good skater but you're also like
providing value to your audience in
terms of like here's the education
behind skate shoes what is the best
skate shoe how to do an ollie how to do
a kickflip here are resources on how to
become a good skater right and so I
think it's helpful to not just like
entertain and inspire but to also like
educate side of things because I think
the stuff that I make if I make a cool
travel video or kind of like a
documentary style thing more often than
not people are almost more intrigued on
like in the internet space how I made it
right instead of the actual product now
if you go to like Amazon streaming
Netflix
I don't know certain platforms are
purely just for the consumption of it
but I think specifically on YouTube
people are as as intrigued by the
process so right if you love what Sara
does you can find your spin on how to do
what she does so you're not yeah yeah
because if you try to replicate someone
and make content that's almost as good
as Casey nice that almost as good as
Sara Dee she's people are just gonna
watch Sara's you're not gonna get almost
as many subscribers that make you feel
almost like her it's your name I'm not
gonna go at all do you guys hear New
York New York is on online I know
so since people are saying them pregnant
I think it's time to end this live
stream and announce what we're gonna say
yeah right now like this video um smash
that mother-father like but no I'm not
pregnant you guys in the comments get
kind of ridiculous Diane I have
thoroughly enjoyed hanging out with you
guys and remember tomorrow doe blog is
dropping you guys got a sneak peek of
what is dropping I'm so excited I'm
links for everything in the description
down below we're gonna go eat some
dinner and also I'm gonna be doing a
daily peach tonight which is my podcast
I'm doing it pretty much every day
sometimes it's good days but tonight is
a cool one because it's actually along
the lines of what we've talked about a
little bit here on like growing on
YouTube and also like how do you
monetize internet things so very
intriguing story that I will be posting
tonight the daily peach that's my
podcast you can listen to me on iTunes
or anchor all the descriptions down in
the comments below now they're saying
John is pregnant
I am pregnant John is pregnant we're
gonna have to discuss this off-camera
thank you so much for tuning him make
sure to hit that subscribe button if you
find yourself watching this 30 minute
livestream after the livestream happened
again let me know like hanbeon down boy
I will we say around here drones stay
picky okay lady
[Music]